what's up everyone today I'm reviewing
the enduro tripod
so here it is I have the Enduro 83 1 3
tripod very strong I purchased this just
recently because I need it to upgrade
and this is something that I feel like
that's gonna take me a super long way
I'll show you some b-roll I'll tell you
the quick features and why I bought this
tripod so I really need to update
tripods because I wanted something that
was a little more sturdy a little more
stable on something just a little better
than what I had with my tripods before
this so I wanted you know I went into a
store I made the recent video of oh my
gosh there's so many option type of
things I'll link that down below like
how to pick out tripods and that came
across the Endura which is a top brand
high quality tripod company you know
they sell other stuff too but I really
really chose the 83 one 3 because of its
price its Portability and one of the big
perks is the way it locks for me have
the legs lock and open up on everything
but I have the quick specs right here
from the tag it's give you the complete
rundown on how much this thing you know
what this can really do so this weighs
just under 6 pounds very light very
portable very easy and I'll show you
right here it comes with a kit you know
if you buy it that way does a couple in
the tripod head but you get your bag you
get our alloy wrenches you get
protective casing and you get the metal
feet the spike feet so that way you
could put into the actual ground if you
need to do that you just take off the
bottom caps and put those in so that's a
great option it can hold up to 33 pounds
which covers basically anything
photography wise for the most part one
of the biggest reasons I chose to do
that the next thing it's very light it's
very very small and compact folding it's
about 28 inches but expand it and I'll
show you that video now to expanded its
taller than me it's about 70 inches in
height so it's got some height to it so
I really wanted the twist legs because
they are more reliable and they have a
an easier time of not wearing out like
my clip ones I've had this Manfrotto for
three almost four years now and the legs
are already really starting to not catch
in and slip and everything like that and
I can't have that on a shoot so that's
why I wanted to upgrade so bad and
that's why I did it
so price point
portability the wingspan as you'll see
even though it sounds standing next to
it it doesn't take up a whole lot of
space the one thing with a lot of
tripods now is they will have huge wing
spans you know taller
you know wider than your shoulder is
wider than the feet of your body spread
out and everything like that so be
careful about that when you buy them do
it that way but this in Doral has a
great wingspan you know when it's put on
the floor and everything like that so
it's that's another reason why I wanted
to go down route and even just the
maneuvering of the head to extend the
middle column to get more height to get
less height it's just a simple twist and
it's easy
everything about the Enduro tripod is
very easy sleek the alloy is very light
for what it is and you know it just
feels great I love the foam padding
around the like the tripod legs as well
they are really really awesome do you'll
note a lot of little key features that
I'll show you know right here as well
and that is the you know going down the
center column so you really get
stability to put a little bit weight on
it you'll see a hook that you can drag
down put your camera bag on a put if you
have a little set of weights so that way
you can get optimal quality optimal
stabilization so that way your tripod
doesn't move once again this is an alloy
tripod it's not carbon fiber but it's
really close and quality and just as I
said it is light for what it is the kit
you get the tripod bag and everything
else like that it was a simple
no-brainer I spent about 220 bucks with
tax and I got it from B&H photo but the
Enduro 83 one 3 tripod the alloy oh my
gosh highly recommended for the price
the load capacity portability everything
I just mentioned it's a very very strong
tripod